Fix missing supervisor node creation and explanation (#4)
cyberbotics/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Advanced/Simulators/Webots.rst

    :dedent: 4
    :lines: 14-16

> A supervisor Robot is always automatically added to the world file by the ``webots`` node.
> It allows to spawn the needed objects and create useful topics.
> The ``Ros2Supervisor`` node must be started, using the ``Ros2SupervisorLauncher``, to communicate with this Robot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A supervisor Robot is always automatically added to the world file by ``WebotsLauncher``.
This robot is controlled by the custom node ``Ros2Supervisor``, which must also be started using the ``Ros2SupervisorLauncher``.
This node allows to spawn URDF robots directly into the world, and it also publishes useful topics like ``/clock``.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, is it better?

Author: Yes, a lot better indeed
